Licensing: add info about ASP.NET Core/MVC validation (#8429)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Licensing/25 Validation/05 ASP.NET Core and ASP.NET MVC Projects.md

> If you use ASP.NET Core or ASP.NET MVC with DevExtreme and see a trial version message at the top of the application window, follow this troubleshooting guide: [Remove the Trial Version Message](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403732/trial-register/remove-the-this-is-a-trial-version-splash-window).

Reviewer: I'd not call this guide troubleshooting, it is more like a general instruction

Author: But.... It *is* a troubleshooting guide. It literally says:
> If your .NET project continues to display a trial message, use the troubleshooting guide below.

> If the guide does not resolve the issue and the message remains, the problem may be related to the DevExtreme code. You need to enter a DevExtreme license key in the following cases:

Reviewer: > If the guide does not resolve the issue and the message remains, the problem may be related to the DevExtreme code.

Let's add the sighs list and possible reason list right after this sentence. I've add a whole structure of the topic that I prefer. let me know your opinion if it suits.

If you use ASP.NET Core or ASP.NET MVC with DevExtreme and see a trial version message at the top of the application window, you should follow the [general instructions](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403732/trial-register/remove-the-this-is-a-trial-version-splash-window) to set .NET DevExpress license key.

You see license error messages that belong to **.NET DevExpress** key if
1. You see DX1000, DX1001 or DX1002 warning while you compile your project 
// add an inline link to the https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/405494/trial-register/set-up-your-dev-express-license-key#dx1000
2. Trial panel’s register link is https://go.devexpress.com/Licensing_Documentation_DevExtremeAspNetCore.aspx or 
https://go.devexpress.com/Licensing_Documentation_DevExtremeAspNetMvc.aspx

If the guide does not resolve the issue and the message remains, the problem may be related to the **DevExtreme** license verification mechanism.
 
You see license error messages that belong to **DevExtreme** key if
1. A DevExtreme warning appears in the browser console. 
//Please add a link to the list of errors https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#Validation
2. The trial panel in the browser window contains 'register' link that leads to the [jQuery licensing topic](https://go.devexpress.com/Licensing_Documentation_DevExtremeJQuery.aspx).
3.  The trial message mentions "**DevExtreme** Complete" in the subscription list.
// let's add a small screenshot here

Typically, DevExtreme license verification error messages occur when you ender DevExtreme components with jQuery or JavaScript
// Please add a code snippet with related comment (see Alisher's draft)
<img width="1686" height="762" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8f28155e-044e-4fba-8ab2-de9f1e66c62d" />

To resolve the issue, do one of the following:
1.  [Manually enter](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#Validate_Your_License_Key/Manual_Configuration/Non-Modular) your license key with `DevExpress.config()` and load scripts in the following order:
    1. jQuery scripts
    2. `dx.all.js`
    3. `devextreme-license.js`
    4. Scripts with DevExtreme components
2. Use Razor syntax instead of jQuery/JavaScript
3. If you use both Razor and jQuery/JavaScript, render all Razor-based components before jQuery/JavaScript components. E.g. you can even just render an invisible Button in your project’s Layout page before rendering DevExtreme components

> Note: We apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced if you were required to install two separate license keys (**.NET DevExpress** and **DevExtreme**) instead of a single one.
In future releases, we are considering discontinuing the proprietary DevExtreme licensing mechanism and fully transitioning to the use of the .NET DevExpress license key across all products.

Author: I strongly believe we should not state our internal links that can change in the docs. I also believe that telling customers that they need to render an invisible button is such a bad life hack... Like it really just looks bad. Also apologizing? In the docs? Just bad.

> - A DevExtreme warning appears in the browser console.

Reviewer: let's add a link to the list of possible messages here

> If you use ASP.NET Core or ASP.NET MVC with DevExtreme and see a trial version message at the top of the application window, see the following solutions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use ASP.NET Core or ASP.NET MVC with DevExtreme and see a trial message at the top of the application window, try the following solutions:
```

**1. .NET key is invalid or missing:**

- [DX1000, DX1001, or DX1002 errors](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/405494/trial-register/set-up-your-dev-express-license-key#dx1000) appear in your IDE when building.
- Trial message links open `docs.devexpress.com`.
- **Solution**: follow this guide: [Remove the Trial Version Message](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403732/trial-register/remove-the-this-is-a-trial-version-splash-window).

**2. .NET key is valid, but the trial message remains (issue in DevExtreme code):**

- A [DevExtreme warning](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#Validation) appears in the browser console.
- Trial message links open `js.devexpress.com`. The message lists "**DevExtreme Complete**" in the subscription.
- **Solutions**:

>   - If both Razor and jQuery/JavaScript are used, render Razor-based components first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If you use both Razor and jQuery/JavaScript, render Razor-based components first.
```

>   - [Configure the license key manually](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#Validate_Your_License_Key/Manual_Configuration/Non-Modular). In `devextreme-license.js`, add `DevExpress.config({ licenseKey: 'your_license_key' });`. Load scripts in this order:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [Configure the license key](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#Validate_Your_License_Key/Manual_Configuration/Non-Modular). In `devextreme-license.js`, add `DevExpress.config({ licenseKey: 'your_license_key' });`. Load scripts in this order:
```

If you use ASP.NET Core or ASP.NET MVC with DevExtreme and see a trial version message at the top of the application window, see the following solutions:

**1. .NET key is invalid or missing:**

- [DX1000, DX1001, or DX1002 errors](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/405494/trial-register/set-up-your-dev-express-license-key#dx1000) appear in your IDE when building.
- Trial message links open `docs.devexpress.com`.
- **Solution**: follow this guide: [Remove the Trial Version Message](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403732/trial-register/remove-the-this-is-a-trial-version-splash-window).

**2. .NET key is valid, but the trial message remains (issue in DevExtreme code):**

- A [DevExtreme warning](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#Validation) appears in the browser console.

> - Trial message links open `js.devexpress.com`.

Reviewer: Maybe it s better to merge these two point
Trial panel message lists "**DevExtreme Complete**" in the subscriptions and the 'register' link open `js.devexpress.com`.

Because otherwise it can be not obvious what message we are referring to here 'The message lists "**DevExtreme Complete**" in the subscription.'
